Update help info (#65)
omarcostahamido/PVM: README.md

optional arguments:
  -h, --help     show this help message and exit
  --port [PORT]  The port that pvm.py will use to receive control messages.

>                  Using the default port 8001 to control the first display.
>                  Using ny other port to control the second display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 Use the default port 8001 to control the first display.
                 Use any other port to control the second display.
```

Author: Done
